Virtual Machine
The Virtual Machine service provides general virtual machine solutions, allowing you to easily deploy and manage virtual machines, flexibly allocate storage space and computing resources for virtual machines, and has mechanisms such as elastic IP, load balancing and backup, which are both intelligent and cost-saving. The best choice.
Create a virtual machine
Select Virtual Machine from the Services list to enter the Virtual Machine Management page, then click ＋CREATE.
1. Basic info
Fill in the name, description and select the image source and image tag.
Then click NEXT: FlAVOR>.
2. Flavor
Select the hardware specifications. The hardware options provided here will vary depending on the server's hardware configuration. System administrators can also set them according to project requirements.
Click View Resource Usage/Quota in the upper right corner to view the current resource quota and used amount. If the available resource quota has reached the upper limit and some models cannot be selected, you can contact your system administrator to increase the project resource quota.
Then click NEXT: NETWORK>.
3. Network
Network：Click ADD VIRTUAL NIC and select at least one virtual NIC and security group.
Then click NEXT: VOLUME>.
Note: When creating a virtual machine, it is recommended to set up at least one set of security group rules before logging in through the Console.
4. Volume (Optional)
Click CREATE NEW VIRTUAL VOLUME to create a virtual disk and then mount it.
Click ATTACH VIRTUAL VOLUME to mount a virtual volume. The maximum number of disks that can be mounted is five.
Then click NEXT: AUTHENTICATION>.
5. Authentication
Set the Keypair or Password required for login.
Keypair Authentication: (Optional) Select Enable or Disable keypair Authentication.
Keypair: Select a keypair. If you have not created a keypair yet, please Create a keypair first.
Password: Set the password for logging into the virtual machine.
Click NEXT: INITIALIZATION SCRIPT> when finished.
6. Initialization script (Optional)
Enter the initialization command, or import an existing file, then click NEXT: REVIEW + CREATE >.
7. Review + Create
Check the creation settings and click CREATE after confirming.
Manage virtual machines
Once the virtual machine is created, it will appear in the list. Click the list to view the detailed information of the service. When the state is displayed as active, you can start using it.
Tip: When the state is displayed as under review, it means that this resource needs to be approved by the project admin before it can be created. The project admin can approve or reject the creation of the resource through the following two operations.
1. On the management page, click the more options icon, then click Review.
2. Click the  Review icon in the upper command bar.
Stop/Start
Click the Stop icon in the upper command bar to shut down the virtual machine.
The stats of a stopped virtual machine is displayed as shutoff, and the Stop icon in the upper command bar will change to Start. Click the icon to start the virtual machine.
Reboot
When the virtual machine's state is active, click the Reboot icon in the upper command bar to reboot the virtual machine.
Create an image
Click the Create Image icon on the top command bar.
Select or enter the name, description, OS and version, and click OK when completed.
After creation, this virtual machine will be created as an incremental image, which can be viewed at Virtual Image.
Transfer
Note:
* The transfer function is only available in the public zone.
* Please create the desired virtual network and security group in the private area before transferring.
* Only the virtual machine's boot disk can be transferred.
The transfer function can transfer this resource to the private zone synchronously and generate an incremental image in the virtual image of the private zone, allowing users to create resources in the private zone by themselves.
Click the Transfer icon in the upper command bar.
Complete the settings of the transfer window.
Transfer Name: Enter a transfer name.
Transfer Version: Enter the transfer version. The version cannot be repeated.
Virtual Network (Private Zone): Select a virtual network in the private zone.
Security Group (Private Zone): Select the security group for the private zone.
Key Pair Authentication: Select Enable or Disable.
Password: Enter the login password for this virtual machine.
After the transfer is completed, the transferred computing resources can be used in the private zone, and an incremental image will be generated in the Virtual Image service of the private zone.
Select Resource Transfer (Public zone) from the Services list to view resource transfer records.
Tip: Resources transferred to the private zone will occupy the quota of the project.
Delete a virtual machine
If the virtual machine is no longer in use, click the Delete icon in the upper command bar to permanently delete the virtual machine.
Tip: Notes on deleting virtual machines
* The data in the operating system (boot) disk will also be permanently deleted. If you need to keep it, you can Create an image first.
* The data disk will be automatically separated and the data in the disk will not disappear.
Batch deletion
If you want to quickly delete multiple resources, you can click BATCH DELETE on the upper right side of the management page.
Check the item to be deleted then click OK.
Edit description
Go to the virtual machine details page, click EDIT to the right of the description, and click OK when completed.
Change flavor
Please stop the virtual machine before changing the flavor settings.
Enter the virtual machine details page, click CHANGE on the right side of the hardware settings, click the hardware specifications you want to use, and click OK when completed.
Add a virtual NIC
In the Virtual Network Information area, click ADD VIRTUAL NIC and select a virtual network and security group.
Attach a floating IP
Click the more options icon to the right of the Virtual Network list, then click Attach Floating IP.
Click Automatically configure floating IP or Choose an existing floating IP.
After the configuration is complete, the associated floating IP will be displayed in the list.
Detach a floating IP
Click the more options icon on the right side of the virtual network list, then click Detach Floating IP, and then click OK.
Editing a security group
Click the more options icon on the right side of the Virtual Network list, then click Edit Security Group, and then click OK when completed.
Monitoring
Enter the virtual machine details page, then click the MONITOR tab at the top to view monitoring indicators.
CPU usage (%): CPU usage. If 2 (200%) is displayed, it means that 2 CPU resources are fully utilized.
Memory Usage (MiB): Memory usage.
Disk usage (byte/s): You can view the read/write speed of each disk.
Network Usage (byte/s): The network traffic output by the virtual machine, which combines east-west traffic (horizontal transmission between virtual machines) and north-south traffic (traffic between the client and the virtual machine).
Advanced Operations
Use the upper right menu to switch the time you want to observe (1 hour, 3 hours, 8 hours, 24 hours).
Move the cursor to the blue dot to display the usage value.
Connect to the virtual machine
Click Open on the right side of Console to quickly connect to the virtual machine in your browser.
Login account: If you use the public virtual image provided by the system, the default account is as follows:
Virtual Image, Default Login Account
----------, --------
ubuntu, ubuntu
rocky, cloud-user
windows, administrator
* Login Password: Please use the password you set when creating the virtual machine.
If key authentication is enabled when creating a virtual machine, the private key can be converted into a password through Get CONSOLE Password.
Click GET CONSOLE PASSWORD to open the Get CONSOLE Password window, then click IMPORT and select the key file, or paste the private key directly, then click CONVERT to get the password.